Eph6:1 Children, obey your parents in the Lord: for this is right.
Eph6:2 Honour thy father and mother; which is the first commandment with promise;
Eph6:3 That it may be well with thee, and thou mayest live long on the earth.
Eph6:4 And, ye fathers, provoke not your children to wrath: but bring them up in the nurture and admonition of the Lord.
Eph6:5 Servants, be obedient to them that are your masters according to the flesh, with fear and trembling, in singleness of your heart, as unto Christ;
Eph6:6 Not with eyeservice, as menpleasers; but as the servants of Christ, doing the will of God from the heart;
Eph6:7 With good will doing service, as to the Lord, and not to men:
Eph6:8 Knowing that whatsoever good thing any man doeth, the same shall he receive of the Lord, whether he be bond or free.
Eph6:9 And, ye masters, do the same things unto them, forbearing threatening: knowing that your Master also is in heaven; neither is there respect of persons with him.
Eph6:10 Finally, my brethren, be strong in the Lord, and in the power of his might.
Eph6:11 Put on the whole armour of God, that ye may be able to stand against the wiles of the devil.
Eph6:12 For we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against powers, against the rulers of the darkness of this world, against spiritual wickedness in high places.
Eph6:13 Wherefore take unto you the whole armour of God, that ye may be able to withstand in the evil day, and having done all, to stand.
Eph6:14 Stand therefore, having your loins girt about with truth, and having on the breastplate of righteousness;
Eph6:15 And your feet shod with the preparation of the gospel of peace;
Eph6:16 Above all, taking the shield of faith, wherewith ye shall be able to quench all the fiery darts of the wicked.
Eph6:17 And take the helmet of salvation, and the sword of the Spirit, which is the word of God:
Eph6:18 Praying always with all prayer and supplication in the Spirit, and watching thereunto with all perseverance and supplication for all saints;
