Luke24:1 Now upon the first day of the week, very early in the morning, they came unto the sepulchre, bringing the spices which they had prepared, and certain others with them.
Luke24:2 And they found the stone rolled away from the sepulchre.
Luke24:3 And they entered in, and found not the body of the Lord Jesus.
Luke24:4 And it came to pass, as they were much perplexed thereabout, behold, two men stood by them in shining garments:
Luke24:5 And as they were afraid, and bowed down their faces to the earth, they said unto them, Why seek ye the living among the dead?
Luke24:6 He is not here, but is risen: remember how he spake unto you when he was yet in Galilee,
Luke24:7 Saying, The Son of man must be delivered into the hands of sinful men, and be crucified, and the third day rise again.
Luke24:8 And they remembered his words,
Luke24:9 And returned from the sepulchre, and told all these things unto the eleven, and to all the rest.
Luke24:10 It was Mary Magdalene, and Joanna, and Mary the mother of James, and other women that were with them, which told these things unto the apostles.
Luke24:11 And their words seemed to them as idle tales, and they believed them not.
Luke24:12 Then arose Peter, and ran unto the sepulchre; and stooping down, he beheld the linen clothes laid by themselves, and departed, wondering in himself at that which was come to pass.
Luke24:13 And, behold, two of them went that same day to a village called Emmaus, which was from Jerusalem about threescore furlongs.
Luke24:14 And they talked together of all these things which had happened.
Luke24:15 And it came to pass, that, while they communed together and reasoned, Jesus himself drew near, and went with them.
Luke24:16 But their eyes were holden that they should not know him.
Luke24:17 And he said unto them, What manner of communications are these that ye have one to another, as ye walk, and are sad?
Luke24:18 And the one of them, whose name was Cleopas, answering said unto him, Art thou only a stranger in Jerusalem, and hast not known the things which are come to pass there in these days?
Luke24:19 And he said unto them, What things? And they said unto him, Concerning Jesus of Nazareth, which was a prophet mighty in deed and word before God and all the people:
Luke24:20 And how the chief priests and our rulers delivered him to be condemned to death, and have crucified him.
